Add troubleshooting page (#136)
netbirdio/docs: src/pages/troubleshooting/guide.mdx

# Torubleshooting guide

This document offers practical tips and insights to help you debug various problems, ensuring a seamless user experience.
In general, you can manipulate the agent using environment variables. In a Linux environment, you can set permanent 
settings in the `/etc/sysconfig/netbird` file. With this code snippet you can apply the configuration parameters.

```bash {{ 'title': '/etc/sysconfig/netbir' }}
mkdir -p /etc/sysconfig
echo 'NB_LOG_LEVEL=debug' | sudo tee -a /etc/sysconfig/netbird
systemctl restart netbird
```

## NetBird agent status

Retrieves the peer status from the daemon service. See more [here](/how-to/cli#status).

## Enabling debug logs on agent

> You can set `debug` or `trace` log levels. The log files are avabile on Linux in `/var/log/netbird` folder and on Windows 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set `debug` or `trace` log levels. The log files are available on Linux in `/var/log/netbird` folder and on Windows 
```

in `C:\ProgramData\netbird` folder.

### On systemd
```shell {{ title: 'Environment variable' }}
NB_LOG_LEVEL=debug
```

### On Windows

```shell
netbird service stop
netbird service uninstall
netbird service install --log-level debug # or trace
netbird service start
```

## Enabling WireGuard in user space

> The NetBird applies WireGuard with kernel module by default. With environments variable you can force to use userspace mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NetBird applies WireGuard with kernel module by default. With the environment variable you can force to use userspace mode.
```

```shell {{ title: 'Environment variable' }}
NB_WG_KERNEL_DISABLED=true
```

##  Debugging GRPC

> The NetBird agent communicate with the Managmenet and Signal server with GRPC framework. With these parameters you can 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NetBird agent communicates with the Managmenet and Signal server with the GRPC framework. With these parameters you can 
```

> set verbose logging for these service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set verbose logging for this service.
```

```shell
GRPC_GO_LOG_VERBOSITY_LEVEL=99 
GRPC_GO_LOG_SEVERITY_LEVEL=info
```

## Debugging peer connections

> The Netbird agent do communication with other peers by the Pion ICE library. For debug the connection procedure, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Netbird agent communicates with other peers through the Pion ICE library. To debug the connection procedure, 
```

set verbose logging for the Pion.

```shell {{ title: 'Environment variable' }}
PIONS_LOG_DEBUG=all
NB_LOG_LEVEL=debug
```

After running your service with the environments above you should see logs in the following format:

```
2023-10-18T19:40:31+05:30   2023/10/18 14:10:31 INFO: [core] [Channel #4] Channel deleted
2023-10-18T19:40:31+05:30   2023/10/18 14:10:31 INFO: [core] [Channel #4 SubChannel #5] Subchannel deleted
2023-10-18T19:40:31+05:30   2023/10/18 14:10:31 INFO: [core] [Channel #4 SubChannel #5] Subchannel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN
2023-10-18T19:40:31+05:30   2023/10/18 14:10:31 INFO: [core] [Channel #4] Channel Connectivity change to SHUTDOWN
```

## Debugging TURN connections

> In case the peer-to-peer connection is not an option then the peer will use TURN server for the secure connection establishment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case that the peer-to-peer connection is not an option the peer will use the TURN server for the secure connection establishment.
```

> To test your TURN configuration by accessing the [online tester](https://webrtc.github.io/samples/src/content/peerconnection/trickle-ice). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test your TURN configuration you can access the [online tester](https://webrtc.github.io/samples/src/content/peerconnection/trickle-ice). 
```
